<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core">

    <h:body>
        <ui:composition >
            
                <b:modal id="amodal" title="Terms of Service Agreement" styleClass="modalPseudoClass"
                         transient="true" backdrop="false" close-on-escape="false" rendered="true"
                         size="modal-lg">
                    
                    <b:well size="lg">
                        <p:scrollPanel style="width:800px;height:250px" mode="native">
                        <h4>1. ACCOUNT OWNER AND USER ENROLLMENT OBLIGATIONS:</h4>
                        <p style="font-size: 12px">Prior to the use of eDST, taxpayers that are mandated to use and/or voluntarily opted to avail of the eDST System shall enroll in the said system, 
                            in accordance with the provision of the applicable rules and regulations, circulars and orders.
                            However, for judicial entities or persons, the enrollment shall be made by the authorized natural person(s) specified in the company's board resolution duly issued for this purpose.
                            Once an account Owner is enrolled in the eDST system, he/she may authorize as many users as he/she deems necessary in the company's business operations without the need for a pre-approval from the BIR.</p>
                        <p style="font-size: 12px">In consideration of your use of the Service, the enrollee agrees to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself, as prompted in the Service Enrollment Form.</p>
                        <p:spacer height="20px"/>
                        <h4>2. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS:</h4>
                        <p style="font-size: 12px">The BIR website provides its service to you which maybe updated from time to time without prior notice.</p>
                        <p style="font-size: 12px">The information that you state herein will be validate by the BIR. If you are found to have falsified any information, 
                            after the conduct of post-audit, your enrollment will be made invalid and appropriate action will be filed against you. </p>  
                        <p:spacer height="20px"/>
                        <div align="center">
                            <p style="font-size: 12px">I hereby agree to be governed by the terms and condition of the eDST System Terms of Service Agreement. 
                                I also hereby acknowledge to have read and fully understood the said terms and conditions.</p>
                        </div>
                       </p:scrollPanel>
                    </b:well>
                         
                    <div align="center">                        
                        <p style="font-size: 11px">If you have understand the terms of service agreement specified above, click "I Agree" to proceed ot eDST Enrollment, 
                            otherwise click "I Disagree" to go back to eDST Welcome Page.</p>
                    </div>
                    <f:facet name="footer">  
                        <h:form>
                        <b:commandButton value="I Agree" size="xs" look="primary" action="/enrollment/main.xhtml"/>
                        
                        <b:button value="I Disagree" size="xs" dismiss="modal" onclick="return false;"/>
                        </h:form>
                    </f:facet>
                </b:modal>
           
        </ui:composition>

    </h:body>
</html>

